[Doc] Add doc for init sub config in DLQ policy and producer (#13995)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/concepts-messaging.md

                
```

> By default, there is no subscription during a DLQ topic creation. Without a just-in-time subscription to the DLQ topic, you may lose messages. To automatically create the initial subscription for the DLQ, you can specify the initialSubscriptionName parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, there is no subscription during a DLQ topic creation. Without a just-in-time subscription to the DLQ topic, you may lose messages. To automatically create an initial subscription for the DLQ, you can specify the `initialSubscriptionName` parameter.
```

> When creating a DLQ topic, there is no subscription by default, so if you don't subscribe to this topic in time, you may lose some messages in the DLQ. You can specify the `initSubscriptionName` to make it automatically create the initial subscription on the DLQ.

Reviewer 2: By default, there is no subscription during a DLQ topic creation. Without a just-in-time subscription to the DLQ topic, you may lose messages. To automatically create the initial subscription for the DLQ, you can specify the `initSubscriptionName` parameter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When creating a DLQ topic, there is no subscription by default, so if you don't subscribe to this topic in time, you may lose some messages in the DLQ. You can specify the `initSubscriptionName` to make it automatically create the initial subscription on the DLQ.
```

> When creating a DLQ topic, there is no subscription by default, so if you don't subscribe to this topic in time, you may lose some messages in the DLQ. You can specify the `initSubscriptionName` to make it automatically create the initial subscription on the DLQ.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, there is no subscription during a DLQ topic creation. Without a just-in-time subscription to the DLQ topic, you may lose messages. To automatically create the initial subscription for the DLQ, you can specify the initSubscriptionName parameter.
```
